051523 matt eva clarifying state (#8)
learn-co-curriculum/react-hooks-react-router-dynamic-routes: README.md

The `movies` prop has been passed from `App` to `MoviesPage`, then again to
`MoviesList`.

The `movies` prop is an array containing each movie object. We're mapping over
this array to create an `li` element and a `Link` for each movie. We are using

> the `id` of each move as the `key` attribute and in the relative `href` for our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `id` of each movie as the `key` attribute and in the relative `href` for our
```

`Link`s, and are using the `title` of each movie as the text for our `Link`s.

> In the `Link`, we've used interpolation to insert `movieID` into our path to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Link`, we've used interpolation to insert `movie.id` into our path to
```

> In the `Link`, we've used interpolation to insert `movieID` into our path to

Author: ```suggestion
In the `Link`, we've used interpolation to insert `movie.id` into our path to
```

> object which was returned from `useParams` based on the current URL. In this

Reviewer: In line 349 it should say "...as an array in props."

Author: Fixed!

- In the top-level component (`App.js` in this case), create our "parent" routes
  and render `<MoviesPage>`
- In `MoviesPage.js`, render `<MoviesList>`
- In `MoviesList.js`, iterate through the `movies` array and create a dynamic
  `Link` for each movie using its id
- Back in `MoviesPage.js`, import `useRouteMatch` and create the child route by
  combining the current url with the `:movie_id` parameter; inside the child
  route, render `<MovieShow>`, passing the `movies` array as props
- In `MovieShow.js`, import `useParams`; use the `:movieId` from the params
  object to find the correct movie from the `movies` array and display it on the
  page

In setting up our nested routes, we made use of two hooks provided by React

> Router: `useRouteMatch` and `useParams`. The first is used to retrieve the URL

Reviewer: There are two occurrences of ':movie_id' in the Conclusion that should be updated to ':movieId'

Author: Fixed!
